sqlite3 -header -csv nifty.db "SELECT * FROM snapshots_detail ORDER BY timestamp;" > snapshot_detail_20260427.csv

Think from scratch again with regards to Options Market Data (Open Interest and Volume) not only price and with more deep analysis because your previous fixes did not solve the problem and it is a failure on your side completely that you did not thought and performed and failed.
Use Options Market Data (Open Interest and Volume) for primary trend decision. Always keep in mind this is not a scalping system - tight stops, quick exits, ratchets that lock in tiny profits. But it is a nifty options intraday trend-following system Options Market Data (Open Interest and Volume). The entire philosophy should be:
Find the trend.
Enter the trend. 
HOLD the trend.
Exit when the trend actually reverses/exhausted.
Do not put any cap on number of trades or time of trade, each trade will be slected by the python engine based on the merit of Options Market Data (Open Interest and Volume) & nifty price.
While providing any fix or suggestion, this python program has to work in all the nifty options intraday situations. the market may be just opposite to what you see today. So always provide universal solution which will work for any day of the nifty options intraday trade.
Do not hallucinate or assume. Work the program as a nifty options intraday proven scientific mathematical model solving nifty options multiple probability problem.
Do not hesitate to rewrite the code from scratch if you think some code is flawed and needs fresh thinking and rewrite. Do not always try to fix or patch if the solution is rewrite.
STRICTLY DO NOT GIVE ANY CODE UNTILL AND UNLESS THE SYSTEM IS PROFITABLE ON REPLAY DATA IN MENTAL MATH CALCULATIONS.

how do you see performance of the nifty options analysis program performance from the attached pasted text?

I want you to analyze attached script for nifty option chain calculations and recommend what right and what is wrong based on your above recommendations and analysis

I have incorporated all your suggested changes in the attached code. Please verify now for nifty option intraday trade signal generator and suggest for any flaws or improvement for accuracy.
  
do you think the below suggestions regarding attached scripts are really helful in real world scenario and practical to implement-


I want you to analyze attached script for nifty option chain calculations and recommend what right and what is wrong

provide me logic and pseudocode for all the fixes which should be implemented to make this script a market ready script for nifty trading 

do you think the attached script is now fine to start with nifty options trading

Implement the below fixes and give me complete working fixed eror free and working code script after applying all the below all fixes code. do not change the DB name or scripts name and keep it to plane, for version updates you can add comments.

I have incorporated all your suggested changes in the attached code. please verify in terms of fully tuned NIFTY parameter set adapting to parameter switching (trending vs choppy days).

analyze logs.txt and tell how is the python engine performance as per the attached all .py scripts.
this python enginer is designed specifically for analyzing nse nifty option chain for intraday.
I want you only analyze signalling in the logs and tradable information trend analysis trade prediction

analyze again from scratch for new logic and any wrong calculations  in terms of fully tuned NIFTY parameter set adapting to parameter switching (trending vs choppy days)

are the attached fixes valid for attached script and will they help to fix right trend detection and right trade detection at right time. Tell for eachrecommended fix- needed/not needed/critical/high/medium in tabular format summary


Apply all the fixes and generate the real logic guide omly for sectoral index stock selection for swing trading completely again without capital allocation and backtest.

Audit the guide only from scratch above for issues related to sectoral index stock selection for swing trading and identify gaps without capital allocation and backtest.